Updates deprecated config entry in config.txt (#10039)
BeeStation/BeeStation-Hornet: config/config.txt

#ERROR_MSG_DELAY 50

> ## Send a message to IRC when starting a new game

Reviewer: Update the comment to reflect this as well.

```suggestion
## Send a message to TGS chat relays when starting a new game
```

> #IRC_ANNOUNCE_NEW_GAME

Reviewer: Actually, this is entirely incorrect. Our code currently uses this as a string value for what channel (defined within TGS) to send this to.
It's not actually able to be disabled, nor is the commented out case handled.

Author: I don't understand why the config code states it's deprecated and states it should be removed then, a downstream of NSV recently tried to use IRC_ANNOUNCE and it didn't work because having a the deprecationvalue return text (`""` is text) sets the value of the config entry to that upon loading.
Code for the entry:
![image](https://github.com/BeeStation/BeeStation-Hornet/assets/43698041/42993831-1792-494a-b3d1-81f7fcebb3c3)
Deprecated config entry when loading:
![image](https://github.com/BeeStation/BeeStation-Hornet/assets/43698041/94beb36d-8256-4eba-9171-62eea6447a0a)
So even if TGS has a fun time trying to process it there's not going to be much more than "" to register

Reviewer: No, the new entry. Chat announce. I just put my review on the wrong line
